# 03 - Use a magnet link

Write a script that downloads the film [Sintel](https://webtorrent.io/torrents/sintel.torrent) using a magnet link rather than a `.torrent` file, and streams it into a `<video>` tag.

## Tips

A magnet link is similar to a `.torrent` file, in that it allows you to tell WebTorrent which peers to connect to and which files to download from the network. However, unlike a `.torrent` file, a magnet link is quite simple. It's just a short string of text like `magnet:?xt=urn:btih:08ada5a7a6183aae1e09d831df6748d566095a10` versus an entire file which contains lots of information.

When using a magnet link, WebTorrent will connect to peers and ask one of them to send the `.torrent` file before it can begin downloading pieces of the file. So this is why it's equivalent. You get the `.torrent` file in the end anyway!

You can identify a torrent in many ways. WebTorrent support the following ways:

- http/https url to a torrent file (string) (WE USED THIS METHOD IN THE LAST EXERCISE)
- magnet uri (string) (WE WILL USE THIS METHOD NOW)
- torrent file (buffer)
- info hash (hex string or buffer)
- parsed torrent (from parse-torrent)
- filesystem path to a torrent file (string) (Node.js only)

Try swapping out the `torrentId` in your code with the following magnet link:

```js
const torrentId = 'magnet:?xt=urn:btih:08ada5a7a6183aae1e09d831df6748d566095a10&dn=Sintel&ws=https%3A%2F%2Fwebtorrent.io%2Ftorrents%2F&xs=https%3A%2F%2Fwebtorrent.io%2Ftorrents%2Fsintel.torrent'
```

## Verify

If it worked, you should see the film "Sintel" start to play back! There's no difference between the way WebTorrent handles `.torrent` files or magnet links!

If you are stuck, [read the solution](https://codepen.io/ferossity/pen/VwvOJob?editors=1010).

When you are ready, [go to the next exercise](04.md).
